(male announcer)
In the Criminal Justice System,
sexually based offenses are
considered especially heinous.
In New York City,
the dedicated detectives
who investigate
these vicious felonies
are members of an elite squad
known as
the Special Victims Unit.
These are their stories.
It's nice to see you, Olivia.
I'm glad you called me.
It's been a while.
Yeah, well, you know,
with work and Noah-
Ooh, child in the house.
That changes everything.
You think?
How's it been?
You know, I mean,
between my lack of sleep
and worrying about Noah
and, you know,
trying to juggle my own
schedule, it's been...
amazing.
I'm glad to hear that.
You know, he's just,
he's not a baby anymore,
he's his own person.
He's, like, such a boy.
You know, last weekend
we had this playdate
with these two adorable
little girls and, you know,
they sat quietly,
they just had a little tea party
with their dolls and,
you know, within
a half an hour,
Noah had broken the tea pot
and another one of their toys,
and then he fell off the couch.
He split his lip and
then proceeded to pull
all of the books off
of the shelf.
Sounds like a boy.
You know, I just can't help
but worry sometimes...
at night, about how he'll grow
up, with his history.
You're not reconsidering
the adoption, are you?
Oh, God, no.
No, no, no, no, no.
I've already started
the paperwork.
You know, boys run around.
They break things.
They hurt themselves.
It's in all their D.N.A.
Move and I'll blow
your head off.
You want to hide now. Let's see
if you can handle this grenade.
(Carisi)
Oh, look out!
(Fin)
Damn.
- Who did that?
- Behind you.
I'll kill him.
Damn campers.
What's a camper?
Lazy creeps who just
hide behind stuff.
Don't engage.
Wait until you to run by
and then shoot you in the back.
They're all pieces of crap.
You were saying?
Enjoy the tournament.
This is awesome.
This is better than Comic Con.
- Yeah.
- Really?
Wait until you see
the main event.
These teams practice
eight hours a day.
They are not newbs.
Newbs?
Short for newbies.
Oh yeah,
that's much shorter.
Just hold these
two buttons down--
Go home, gamer girl.
What the hell
is your problem?
You and your boss.
Raina Punjabi only
got this feminazi game
made by being a slut.
Really? Like I've never heard
that before?
You're one of those?
Get out of here.
You want to kiss me?
Are we gonna kiss?
Get out of here.
I'm super scared.
Did your mom
give you that hat?
Bye, have a nice day.
[cheering]
Yeah, baby. Your ass is grass.
Take that, bitch.
It's like overgrown boys,
like, staring at a screen
pressing buttons.
Isn't there a basketball
game on or something?
You seen the Knicks lately?
[chuckles]
Oh, hold up, there's that nanny,
the, Leslie Connolly.
He's the one that
babysat for the kids.
The two girls who stabbed
their little sister.
Okay, he's the guy that drove
all those Glasgow Man pictures?
He's turning it into
a video game now?
Hey, Leslie? Hey.
A little too soon, isn't it?
Detectives.
What can I say?
Trial created a lot of buzz.
Yeah, you're taking
full advantage.
Well, the developers
came to me.
They were gonna
make it either way.
Want to give it a try?
Virtual reality.
Virtual reality?
It's like you're actually
inside of the game.
I'm good.
Will you just watch the booth
for a second?
I'll be right back
[gasps]
Get out.
You get out.
- We don't want you here.
- Oh, no!
(male announcer)
Here we see Murdersaurus.
Murdersaurus performing
some long distance dentistry.
He's down to a sidearm.
As we see, Quickfire
is currently in the lead,
but Lightning Bolts
are catching up pretty fast.
You guys fans
of Lightning Bolt's?
[all]
Yeah.
Amazonian Warrior, huh?
Is it true that you
only have one breast?
Stop! Stop!
Stop!
I got that kiss for you.
You want a kiss.
And it looks like Team
Probie's got Team Quickfire .
Can we give them a chant?
Yeah.
Let's give him a chant.
Kill them. Kill them.
Kill them.
[screams]
- Kill them. Kill them.
- Ahhhh! Ahhhh! Nooo.
[cheering]
(announcer)
And he just dropped the bomb!
He dropped the bomb!
That's the last time.
He's never coming back.
I don't know. I mean,
have you seen anyone do that?
Detectives, my co-worker
thinks that someone's in trouble
in the ladies room.
(Carisi)
Ohh!
Don't worry about it, guys.
I got this.
[cheering]
Hey, you okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
Okay, 'cause I'm
a police officer.
- What happened?
- These guys.
They just can't stand women
in gaming.
What did they do to you?
The leveled up.
[dramatic music]
*
.
Okay, this girl--
Sarah Keller, 22.
(Fin)
She works for Raina Punjabi,
the game developer.
Okay, and this girl
was attacked at, the what again?
The I.V.L. finals.
The International Video
Game League.
It's like March Madness,
but for video games.
I go every year. Nothing
like this has ever happened.
But Sarah told me that
the guys who did this
don't like women in gaming.
Well, in their world,
a developer's like God,
and some guys aren't ready
to give a girl that power.
Okay, does Sarah
know her attacker?
No, well, maybe.
Carisi stayed behind to cull
the security footage.
Hold on, you got Rollins
and Carisi on this on a Sunday?
Never mind.
Okay, I'm not gonna
understand a word that anybody
is saying about this,
so, Fin,
why don't you come with me
to interview Sarah,
and Rollins,
why don't you follow up
with Carisi at the,
whatever it is.
Yeah, so there were
two of them.
They were, like,
total F.A.L.s.
Failures at life.
Yeah, they were, like, young,
they were white but pale,
like, kind of skinny.
That's 80 percent
of the crowd.
Okay, Sarah, so what
did they do to you?
Um. They touched
my breasts, kind of.
They, like,
pushed me down.
I don't know,
I fought them of and they ran.
You told Detective Rollins
that this was personal,
- so you knew them.
- Oh, no, no.
I didn't know
them personally,
they'd just been by the booth
a couple of times.
They were talking smack
about my boss, Raina,
because her game's not popular
with K.O.B.S. addicts.
- K.O.B.S.?
- Kill or Be Slaughtered.
It's just another carbon
copy FPS with new skins
but the same
ten-year-old engine.
First person shooter.
A shoot-'em-up game.
Guys who play it
hate games like Raina's.
- And why is that?
- Amazonian Warriors
is nonviolent and
nonstupid, so just,
like, the opposite
of a K.O.B.S. addict.
Anyway, we launch
on Tuesday.
They've been getting
kind of crazy online.
Hey, Sarge, you guys
got a sec?
Excuse us.
Yeah, okay.
This security footage,
it's like trying to find a geek
in a geek stack.
Yeah, we got two suspects
coming out of the ladies room.
One's wearing a baseball cap,
the other's wearing a hoodie.
We only got partial views
of their faces.
Well, you buy tickets
to this on a computer, right?
Yeah, we're running
the buyers' names
against the Sex Offenders
Registry right now.
(Fin)
That's not what this is.
These guys want Raina Punjabi
out of the gaming world.
Just because
she's a woman?
There's a lot of
haters out there
that think she slept her
way into the business.
Oh, right, right,
she's engaged to that venture
capitalist, Steven Kaplan.
Okay, so because
her fiancé has money,
that means she
has no talent?
To them, and they want
to take her down no matter what.
Then why attack Sarah?
Why not just go after Raina?
(Raina)
Sarah told me
she fought them off.
I put a reward on my website for
anyone who catches these creeps.
She also tell you
these creeps have a grudge
against you and your game?
There's nothing in the game
for them to be angry about.
You can choose how you play.
You can wage peace or war.
Have a patriarchy
or a matriarchy.
Be eco conscious
or industrialized.
I know. I read on Kotaku
that it's better the Civ 5
with the "Brave New World"
expansion pack.
Okay, well, they guys
that attacked Sarah weren't
as evolved as my partner.
Now look, anyone look familiar?
They all look familiar.
That's the gaming demo.
Unfortunately, there's always
a few haters in the mix.
Anything specific?
Email threats,
posts to your websites
or other gamer sites?
- Hacker attacks?
- All the time,
but I can't be bothered
with that right now.
I block it all out.
We launch in two days.
Raina, everything all right?
Yeah, these detectives
are here about Sarah.
This is my fiancé.
Steven Kaplan.
- Sarah's okay, right?
- Yeah.
We wanted to give her
the week off,
but it's too
important a time.
It is, and Sarah doesn't
want to miss any of it.
So you're not just
an investor, you work here.
We're a team.
That's cool, but you did have
an employee attacked.
And we take that seriously.
Our internal security's
working on it.
Okay, we're gonna need them
to give us any specifics
from the past few weeks.
Steven, I just don't have
time for this right now.
Raina, I've got this.
I'm sorry.
She's really under the gun.
This launch is
a career changer.
We'll give you what we have.
[knocks on door]
(Carisi) Hey, Sarge.
The Fedarales are working with
Raina Punjabi's security team.
But not with Raina.
Oh, no. this
Amazonian Warriors rollout,
it's just like opening
night of a movie.
I've been reading
articles online.
I've got to tell you, I mean,
is this Noah's future,
adolescent boys playing
cyborg cowboys and Indians?
Don't tell Fin that.
Kill or Be Slaughtered is like
a spiritual experience for him.
Yeah, well,
I don't get it.
Well, you might not
get this either.
Leslie Connolly,
that Glasgow Man guy,
he might have
something for us.
After the tournament I wanted
some feedback on Glasgow Man,
so I checked a few gamer
sites online.
Forums for players
to rate games,
comment, fulminate, spew--
Yeah, I got that,
Carisi. And?
Peep this thread.
"Amazonian Warriors bitch
got what she deserved." Lovely
- Mm-hmm.
- A lot of crap like that.
Guys puffing their e-chests out,
high fiving.
- It could be anybody.
- Hold on.
Give me a second.
D.M. me for more deets
on what an
Amazonian Warrior's
tits are like.
My boy and I copped a feel
at the I.V.L.
That could be one of our guys.
Did you D.M. him?
I don't want to talk
to that guy,
that's why I came to you.
So I'm guessing that
this message is untraceable.
That's why we got to go
with Leslie here.
They know you.
They trust you.
Which is why I'm
deputizing you
an official C.I.
of the NYPD
What? I don't want these guys
knowing that I ratted them out.
These guys are criminals,
and if you don't
cooperate with us,
we're gonna shut your game down
and invoke the Son of Sam Law.
You can't make a profit
from a crime.
So let's get those deets
from your buddy.
Tell them that you were
in the booth next to that girl.
That she was a complete bitch.
Okay, here goes.
- Now what.
- Tell them that you doxxed
the girl that was sharing
the booth with her.
Doxxing's when you publish
personal information,
phone numbers,
passwords, online.
See if he wants to hook up,
talk about pranking her.
Tell him that you'll meet
him there with a buddy.
That'll be me.
I got that too, Carisi.
Do I really need to be here?
Leslie, chill out.
Chill out?
Seriously?
Hey, Leslie.
Oh, what up?
This is my programmer,
Carisi.
Call me Sonny,
everybody does.
So you doxxed
that other bitch?
I didn't see
anything online.
Well, I'll send you a link,
but tell me, did that
gamer slut, did she cry?
She was a whiney
little bitch, man.
It's like, hello, what did you
expect setting up a both
at a K.O.B.S. event,
am I right?
Yep. Won't make that mistake
again.
Yeah.
But look, I want those deets.
Now, you promised me.
They were a pretty
nice handful.
They were kind of small,
but nice and perky.
Sweet. Sweet.
You got any, [whistles]
You know? He knows.
She got the message,
all right? We good?
Oh, yeah, man,
we're real good.
Oh, by the way,
you're under arrest.
What?
Wrong move, player.
No, we were just kidding
with that girl.
Nice try.
No reset button
in the real world.
Okay, Sarah, do you
recognize anybody?
Yeah, number three.
He groped me.
[knocks on window]
Okay, next window.
Anyone here?
Yeah, that slope-browed
son of a bitch, number 2.
Great.
[knocks on window]
Have fun with that,
counselor.
Great job, Sarah. We're gonna
be able to charge them,
and the D.A.'ll be in touch.
Oh, but we'll be able
to keep it quiet, right?
It's this big launch
on Tuesday,
and if anything
interferes with that,
Raina will,
like, kill me.
Okay.
(Benson)
The arrest went viral.
This is what Sarah
was afraid of.
These comments, they're
some pretty vicious stuff.
(Rollins)
"Nice work, Gary and Zack,
taking one for the team.
Hope they gave it
to her real good"
They're treating
the guys like heroes.
They're not.
(Carisi)
Look at this video.
This guy's got a ton of hits.
(computerized voice)
Gary and Zack
are sacrificial lambs
crucified on the altar
of political correctness.
That slut Sarah
got off easily.
Do not go where you're
not wanted, bitches.
I hope we didn't just give
the haters a recruiting tool.
Guys, unless there's
a specific threat,
there's nothing
we can do about it.
So you spend all day
with a gun in your holster
and you still go home
and play, like,
shoot-'em-up games
after work.
Sometimes all night.
What am I missing here?
See, at work I got
1 P.P., I got Barba,
they get in my way.
At home it's just me
and my clan. It's simple.
No gray.
Just shoot the other team.
Go get the bad guy.
All right.
Are you so addicted
that you have to play
right at this second?
Come on, Fin,
not at the dinner table.
I'm sorry, I just found
a live stream of Raina.
She's being interviewed.
So Raina,
people are commenting.
I'm gonna read one for you.
"There'd be no game
if Miss Punjabi hadn't
banged the money man."
Steven and I
are getting married.
So you'd agree that
the criticisms of your work
are rooted in misogyny?
This guy's supposed
to be on our side,
and he's still
giving her a hard time.
Jack, you're roping me
into a feminist debate.
I'm here to discuss
my game.
- NYPD!
- On the ground!
[Raina screams]
- Get on the ground!
(interviewer)
Raina? Everything okay?
(police officer)
Let's go.
[screams]
Get down!
Hands on your head.
What's going on?
What's happening?
(police officer)
Secure that.
(interviewer)
Raina?
Raina, are you okay?
.
You got three 911 calls
from three different phones,
all saying there was
a hostage crisis here.
Yeah, kids, weapons.
Did you trace
the numbers yet?
Let me guess.
Pay phone.
Internet phones.
You played right
into their hoax.
Randy got SWATed.
These got a hundred ways
to handle this situation.
They always use one,
bang down the damn doors.
They're just doing
their job, Fin.
- You okay?
- Hold on, Steven. I'm fine.
Steven's just stuck outside.
Hey, can we get
the fiancé up?
I'm not shocked by this.
That's what these guys do.
They troll
behind their computers
and make prank calls.
This was more
than a prank call.
You could have been
seriously hurt.
They're just trying
to humiliate me,
and they got
what they wanted.
Anonymous cowards.
- Raina, are you all right?
- Everything is fine, Steven.
They just SWATed me
in the middle of the interview.
Yeah, I saw.
Good for them,
it's over now.
Stop saying that.
Do they know?
Do we know about what?
- Tell them or I will.
- Steven, stop.
They sent her
a threatening message
earlier today saying they
want to see her on her knees
in front of the whole world,
and she got
doxxed an hour ago.
That's how they knew
this address.
And where was that posted?
A sub thread on Red Channet,
tracking Raina, it's vile.
I told you not to read it.
I knew you'd overreact.
So I got doxxed.
I'll move.
I'll change my passwords,
my number-
Raina, do you understand
what's going on?
- This is serious.
- Yes.
The game is being
launched tomorrow at noon.
That is the only thing
that is going on.
Everything else is noise.
Okay, that sub thread,
I'm gonna need the link
and the threatening message.
And if she doesn't
come with us, you are.
I'll talk to her.
Okay, Raina got doxxed,
her personal info published,
I get that,
but SWATed?
Help me out here.
It's an anonymous call
to 911 sending the SWAT team
to your home.
These guys play dirty.
Even so, how is
this SVU related?
Wait till you
see these threats.
Sarge, this is Raina Punjabi
and her fiancé and business
partner, Steven Kaplan.
Okay.
Thank you for coming in.
I didn't exactly
have a choice.
I understand some serious
threats have been made.
They hacked your
company's website?
We're back online.
- Anything specific?
- Yeah.
They're threatening
violence against Raina
and her female employees.
"Fair warning.
If Raina Punjabi dares
"to go through
with the launch tomorrow,
"we'll make sure that
her raped and mutilated corpse
"is on the front page
of every feminist blog
by next week."
That's a specific threat,
not protected by free speech.
(Rollins)
And here's another one
of his threats,
(computerized voice)
That slut, Raina, deserves
all the pain
that's coming to her.
Her game is derivative,
mind numbing garbage.
She's a whore.
She used sex
to get where she is,
and if she
and her social justice warriors
don't leave gaming now,
we will make them.
(Rollins)
And there are dozens
of others like this.
Threatening rape.
Threatening attacks
during the launch
at the Birch Pavilion.
And we can't trace
where these are coming from?
(Fin)
They upload it
through the dark net
just like the doxxing,
so no.
Okay.
And the launch is
scheduled for tomorrow?
At noon.
So would you consider
postponing?
This isn't a little lecture
I invited my friends to.
It is the launch event of
an international game rollout.
It's being live streamed
in 18 countries.
Every major gaming site
is sending a rep.
Yeah, I understand that, but
these are public death threats.
All the more reason
why we can't postpone.
Ever since the SWATing
went viral,
I'm being called the face
of women in gaming.
Tomorrow I'm doing
an interview on CNBC.
Then I'm ringing
the opening NASDAQ bell.
(Fin)
I mean,
you can do all that,
but the launch itself, can't you
tape it and stream it later.
If we do that, they've won.
I'm showing the world that I'm
intimidated by cyber terrorists.
I won't make the same
mistake Sony did.
It's better to be called
a bitch than a coward.
(Steve)
Raina.
Look, I came down here,
I'm cooperating,
and I appreciate
that you have a job to do.
So just so we're clear,
you have officially warned me.
I accept all liability.
But I absolutely do not want
a visible police presence.
No E.S.U., no bomb
sniffing dogs.
Please.
I have to go home
and get some sleep.
Thank you, detectives.
She's serious about
her work, I get it.
She doesn't want
to be compromised.
How many people are going
to this thing tomorrow?
At least 500.
Raina may not be worried
about herself,
but all the people
in the audience?
Yeah, we can't let
this thing happen.
I've got some friends
at FDNY, I'm sure they
could find some violations,
shut the Birch Pavilion down.
Raina's right, we do that,
the cyber terrorists win.
Guys, we have the resources
to keep a low key presence.
Call the Birch Pavilion
and coordinate it.
Anything on the pre-screen?
Nobody who bought a ticket
with a credit card matches
any of the online profiles
we managed to trace.
It's a waste of time.
Anyone up to no good
is not using a credit card.
Okay, so let's focus
on what we can do. Spread out.
Watch hands and eyes.
Stay on the radio.
Carisi, what's it looking like?
We got a bunch of monitors
with grainy footage.
You guys ever think about
upgrading your security systems?
Who are you, Steven Spielberg?
We're here as a courtesy.
Come on. We got the
situation under control.
200 events a year in this place,
we haven't lost anybody yet.
Well, let's not break
that streak.
(woman)
Hunt.
Build.
Forage.
Create.
They say history repeats itself,
but now it's up to you
to get it right.
Find the Amazonian Warrior
in you.
Ladies and gentlemen,
please welcome to the stage,
Raina Punjabi.
[cheers and applause]
Good afternoon.
I am Raina Punjabi.
[cheers and applause]
I'm guessing most
of you already knew that.
Thank you for coming.
I am very excited
to share Amazonian Warriors
with all of you here today
and with all of you
streaming this online.
Nearly two years in the making,
this civilization
building strategy game
allows you to control a land
of your own creation.
The goal,
to get it right this time.
- Yeah.
- What's that?
- Raina, get down.
Guys,
where are those coming from?
How can we change the mistakes
of our past
to create a more perfect world?
(Fin)
Laser pointer. Row five,
left side.
Hey.
Hey, you can't do that.
(Rollins)
Watch me. Come on.
- The game is collaborative,
team building,
encouraging cooperation
and group problem solving.
Three more.
I see. Copy that.
NYPD, you want
to hand me that?
- I didn't know it was on.
- I'm sure you didn't.
Let's go, you're out.
You too.
You're out of here as well.
- Wow, laser pointers.
You know,
my mom's cat loves those.
As I was saying,
the game is collaborative,
offering multiple points of view
so that the player is--
[screams and loud banging]
(voice of speaker)
Bitches will die.
No social justice in gaming.
Now, you all
will be destroyed.
Carisi, what are you seeing?
Someone hacked into
the lighting board.
The security system too.
Tell me you got an override.
Come on, let's go.
Come on, move over.
Be calm. Be calm. Be calm.
Police.
Remain calm.
Raina? Raina?
- Raina?
- Who's got eyes on Raina?
Who's got eyes?
We lost her.
.
Where's our principle?
I got nothing.
- Miss Punjabi, this way.
- Hey, hey. What happened?
- Her mic's still on.
- Where are we going?
- Carisi, anything?
- I got her. I got her.
She's with a security guard
in the back hallway.
[screaming]
- Hey, let go of me.
- Back exit.
Back exit.
(Carisi)
Police, stop!
Get up. Come on.
Hey.
- He had Raina.
- I was trying to help her.
- Where is she?
- I don't know.
Wrong answer.
Detective, she's up there.
Shut up, bitch.
Keep your mouth shut,
or you're done.
Do you hear me?
Game on, NYPD.
Where's that coming from.
Track it, Rollins.
Track it now.
- What, this wasn't my idea.
- Do you think that matters?
You're an accomplice
to kidnapping.
He said we were just
gonna grief her.
Smoke bombs.
Laser pointers.
- Things like that.
- And the kidnapping.
No one told me about that.
Does no one have a name?
A user name, Acid Rain,
- but I've never met him.
- What did he say exactly?
He said to bring Raina
out the back exit.
What, so they left you here?
They threw her in a van?
What?
I didn't know that
they were gonna--
- What are you a patsy?
- Yeah, God forbid something
happens to Raina, you'll be
looking at murder charges.
If you know something,
say something right now.
I saw the van.
It was white.
License number.
Now, NYPD detectives
were aware of possible threats
and were inside
the Birch Pavilion
at the time of the kidnapping
but were unable--
That was the commissioner.
Tell me something's popped
on this white van.
It was stolen from a garage
yesterday.
Security cameras
there were blacked out.
The license plate went out
right after the kidnapping,
and Port Authority cameras
haven't seen it at any bridges
- or tunnels.
- So it's still in Manhattan.
What about a phone,
are we tracking it?
No luck. They must have
removed the battery.
I got a tip. White cargo van
at an abandoned factory.
Plates match.
Uni's are on the way.
You two, go.
Open.
(police officer)
Clear.
All right,
let's get C.S.U. in here.
Let's comb the interior.
Amanda.
Look at this.
Here we go.
That's from
Kill or Be Slaughtered.
That's a cyborg logo.
They left that for us.
All right, we need
C.S.U. down here too.
We got something.
I mean that's her blouse.
And that's blood.
They left us a video.
Please don't do this.
Ahh.
Level completed.
This is a game to them.
Okay, so what's
the next level?
Fin.
Please.
- Shut up, bitch.
- You don't have to do this.
Shut up, bitch!
Say another word, I'm gonna kill
you. Do you understand?
Let's just do this.
- Ready.
- Freaking go already.
- Go.
- You're up.
(computerized voice)
All you bitches,
you're on notice.
So what do you mean
you have no idea how the van
got onto your property?
Yeah, okay. You do that.
How are you doing,
Mr. Kaplan?
I tried to tell her.
You tried to tell her.
She just wouldn't listen.
Hey, Sarge,
I got something.
What is it?
You know, Mr. Kaplan,
why don't you have a seat,
and we'll be with
you in a moment.
This link was just uploaded
to Red Channet.
This is what happens to smug
bitches who mess with gamers.
- [crying]
- We warned you.
[screaming]
Hey, gamer girl.
Please don't.
Where is this
coming from?
All we know is
it's streaming live.
.
I realize now that gaming
is no place for females.
So all you bitches
should get out now.
You are not wanted,
and you are not safe.
I also have a message
for Steven Kaplan,
I never loved you.
I only slept with you
so you'd back my game.
I am a slut, and I am a liar.
And this is live too?
No, uploaded to
Red Channet.
You do not want
to read the comments.
- No, I don't.
- Hold up,
this upload is geotagged.
Look at it,
South Shore, Staten Island.
It looks like a residential
address.
- Yeah, yeah, I'm on it.
- Hold on.
They've been using the dark net
this whole time,
and now they leave a trail?
This is a trap.
They're playing a game.
We got to play too.
All right, the house
belongs to Mrs. Marissa Rossi,
public school art teacher
she lives alone.
Okay, should we call E.S.U.?
We got to go easy, we don't
want them to set us up
to SWAT somebody.
Just go.
[pounding on door]
(Rollins) Hey, come on.
- Can I help you?
- NYPD, Mrs. Rossi?
- Yes, that's me.
- Are you here alone?
- Wait, what's going on?
- Yes, why?
Because a woman was kidnapped,
and her abductors
were here in this house tonight.
Oh, no, no.
There must be some mistake.
Ma'am, have you been
at home here all night?
I got home an hour ago
from my book club.
- Okay.
- Does anybody else live here?
- No, just me.
- Who's this then?
That's my husband
but he passed.
No, the kid.
The kid.
That's my son, Anthony.
- He's away at college.
- Does he play video games?
- Yes. Why?
- Where?
Where does he play?
There's the camera.
They raped her here.
Gun safe.
Where are the guns?
He's a good boy.
He's shy.
You've made a mistake.
No, Mrs. Rossi,
we haven't made a mistake.
We found evidence of sexual
assault in your basement,
and your son's computer's
been logged into an account
that has been threatening
Raina Punjabi for weeks.
No.
"I would love to gouge her
eyes out with a rusty spoon."
He didn't write this.
One of his friends, maybe,
- but not my Anthony.
- Which friends.
One of them from the
video games, you know?
The way they talk
to each other.
Anthony says it's just boy
talk, but he's not like that.
He's from a good home.
We raised him better.
Hey, I believe that,
Mrs. Rossi.
I really do.
I grew up ten minutes drive from
you, just off of Arden, yeah.
And I'm sure that Anthony
is a good kid,
but somewhere along the line
Anthony got confused.
He tried to hurt someone
without actually thinking
about the actual person at
the other end of those messages,
and that usually comes
from a place of pain,
a feeling like,
like you don't matter.
Now, does that sound
like Anthony?
It's my husband's passing.
It was very hard on him.
Yeah.
Even if he wrote
these messages...
he would never want...
to rape...
or kill.
He would never.
Of course he wouldn't.
I mean, this probably started
as a joke, you know.
His friends' idea
just got out of hand,
but what we want now
is for this to end peacefully,
and that's what
you want too, isn't it?
It took a while,
but Mrs. Rossi came to Jesus.
Her husband was a gun buff.
- Two pistols, 20 gauge shotgun.
- Great.
Fin, do you think they're still
following a gamer script?
Rape is a mod
in level 16 of K.O.B.S.
Hold on, so they kidnap
and rape, and it's a game.
It's like a user hack
of the game,
but once they
make that move,
there's only one
path you can go.
- Which is what?
- Kill or be slaughtered.
Rollins.
Raina?
Yes, it's Raina.
They've got me in a garage,
and I think
they're gonna kill me.
I need your help.
Raina, are you
using your phone?
No, I stole one of theirs.
Please hurry.
Do you know where you are?
They're holding me in a
garage near Manhattan Bridge.
There's a baseball field
across the street.
Okay, hang tight, we will
be there as soon as we can.
- Oh, no. They're coming back.
- Okay, we got to go now.
This is the final
level of the game.
They call the cops
and when they rush in
to save her, they attack.
This could be an ambush.
Call E.S.U., tell them
we'll meet them there.
If this is a set up they're
watching us from somewhere.
Yeah, like up there.
We're on it.
Okay.
Any communication
from the inside?
No, nothing since the call,
and we can't see inside.
What do you know?
Three perps, two pistols,
and a 20 gauge.
If they are inside.
If?
We think it may be a setup.
[gunfire]
(SWAT officer) Shots fired.
All right, setup or no,
we got to go.
Flash bang, go now!
(SWAT officer)
NYPD.
Nobody move.
NYPD, get down.
Let us see your hands.
.
- Gun. She's got a gun.
- Don't shoot.
- She's got a gun.
(Benson)
Hold your fire. Hold your fire.
I said drop it!
Drop it!
- I can't.
- Drop it!
Okay, she can't,
it's taped to her wrists.
Don't shoot.
Raina.
[crying]
[gunfire]
Down!
Coming out of the speaker
right here.
- Okay.
(police officer)
False alarm.
Okay.
Hey, just hang in there.
You good?
Hey, hey, put the gun down.
Hands up.
I never meant for
this to go so far.
Brandon and Pierce made me.
They're crazy.
They totally lost it.
- It's freaking me out.
- Don't even, Anthony.
They don't know what's
real and what's a game.
I geotagged that video
from my mom's house
so you could find us.
Ah.
I'm sure she's real proud.
Drop it!
Recoil.
Not like shooting
in a video game, huh?
Actually,
it's exactly the same.
All right, you need
to think really carefully about
- what you're doing right now.
- Don't talk, officer.
Prepare to be slaughtered.
Come out. Drop the gun
or I'll kill him now.
Game over.
Drop the gun.
Come on.
Okay.
There's 50 cops
surrounding this building.
All for that skank, Raina.
Isn't being a whore
a crime, huh?
- You should arrest her.
- Drop the gun.
Shut up, bitch!
You're just like Raina.
Spitting in our faces.
She took away the one thing
that we had.
You heard what the lady said.
Drop the gun.
Move, and I'll blow
your head off!
Okay.
This ain't a game.
Drop that gun.
Okay. Okay.
Got it.
Go on, get on the ground.
Get your hands up
over your head.
You all right?
What, were you
camping back there?
I know.
Bad form but effective.
So 20 years of gaming,
or whatever it is you do
with that controller,
finally paid off.
See, I know the
difference between
video games and reality.
Those guys didn't.
So this is gonna be
a big I.A.B. thing now?
You're on administrative
duty for a few days.
No, no need to give up
your gun and shield.
This was a good shoot.
After what they did to Raina,
there was no gray area.
I just went and got
the bad guy.
We both know that
it's never that easy.
We do the best we can.
Go home.
One of them took a plea,
the other wants to go to trial.
Will Raina have to testify?
I don't think she's up to
facing them in court.
You'll have time, Raina.
I'll be fine.
Women in gaming,
what did I expect?
You didn't deserve this.
Whatever.
I'm out.
You said if you gave up,
they'd win.
They already did.